Update squeezelite.md (#228)
music-assistant/music-assistant.io: docs/player-support/squeezelite.md

# Squeezelite ![Preview image](../assets/icons/slim-icon.svg){ width=70 align=right }

Music Assistant partly emulates an Logitech Media Server (which is now maintained as Lyrion Music Server, a.k.a. LMS) and has a full implementation of the Slim Protocol (also known as "SlimProto") in the form of player provider support for [Squeezelite](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Squeezelite) clients.

> This means it is possible to use Squeezelite client player software and hardware, directly with Music Assistant, as well as control Music Assistant from those Squeezelite client players, (as well as other slimproto emulators such as SqueezeSlave, SoftSqueeze, and SqueezePlay.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This means it is possible to use Squeezelite client player software and hardware, directly with Music Assistant, as well as control Music Assistant from those Squeezelite client players (as well as other slimproto emulators such as SqueezeSlave, SoftSqueeze, and SqueezePlay).
```

Squeezelite clients are available for, and can run on, almost any hardware from desktop OS to ESP32-based devices. There is also some legacy support for [the original Logitech branded Squeezebox series of hardware players, (formerly known as SlimDevices), like, for example, the Squeezebox Duet and the Squeezebox Radio](https://lyrion.org/players-and-controllers/hardware-comparison/).

> ## Extra features not listed on the main player provider page

Reviewer: ```suggestion
## Features
```

We have a standard format for all provider and plugin pages

- Squeezelite client devices are automatically detected by Music Assistant

> - Individual player DSP settings will be used for playback

Reviewer: Did you mean grouped playback?

> - Individual player DSP settings will be used for playback

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Individual player [DSP settings](index.md/#dsp-settings) will be used for [group](../faq/groups.md) playback
```

# Squeezelite ![Preview image](../assets/icons/slim-icon.svg){ width=70 align=right }

Music Assistant partly emulates an Logitech Media Server (which is now maintained as Lyrion Music Server, a.k.a. LMS) and has a full implementation of the Slim Protocol (also known as "SlimProto") in the form of player provider support for [Squeezelite](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Squeezelite) clients.

This means you can use Squeezelite client player software and hardware, directly with Music Assistant, as well as control Music Assistant from those Squeezelite client players, (as well as other slimproto emulators such as SqueezeSlave, SoftSqueeze, and SqueezePlay.

> Squeezelite clients are available for and run on almost any hardware, including your own desktop OS, and even ESP32-based devices. There is also some legacy support for [the original Logitech branded Squeezebox series of hardware players, (formerly known as SlimDevices), like example the Squeezebox Duet and the Squeezebox Radio](https://lyrion.org/players-and-controllers/hardware-comparison/).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Squeezelite clients are available for, and can run on, almost any hardware from desktop OS to ESP32-based devices. There is also some legacy support for [the original Logitech branded Squeezebox series of hardware players, (formerly known as SlimDevices), like, for example, the Squeezebox Duet and the Squeezebox Radio](https://lyrion.org/players-and-controllers/hardware-comparison/).
```

## Features

> - Squeezelite client devices are automatically detected in Music Assistant.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Squeezelite client devices are automatically detected by Music Assistant.
```

- Squeezelite client devices will play in perfect sync and support sync correction.
  - Speaker sync group support (i.e. support for permanent grouping players).
- Squeezelite client devices have support for crossfade and gapless playback.
- Player settings allow the configuration of stereo pairs of speakers.
- Individual player DSP settings will be used for playback.
- Up to 384kHz max at 24bit sample rate for PCM if supported by the client device.

> - Lossless Stream support.

Reviewer: Actually lets remove from "Squeezelite client devices will play in perfect sync" to here as it is just replicating what is already in the table on the main player provider page.  We could just provide a link back as the last item to the player provider page for the cross platform features? The existing text is from before the summary table was added. Also please remove the fullstop from the end of any bullet list item. The reason for this is that is the standard across all the pages to avoid any unnecessary wrapping of text with long sentences

- Squeezelite client device buttons support.
  - Any physical control buttons on the device should be supported as long as [flow mode](../faq/tech-info.md/#track-queueing) is not enabled.

## Known Issues / Notes

- The focus of this provider in MA is to support the use of software Squeezelite clients (e.g. [piCorePlayer](https://www.picoreplayer.org/)). Old original Squeezebox hardware is reported to work although there are reported issues with grouping. The MA core team cannot afford to expend resources on making these devices work any better than they do now. PRs to enhance support, however, are welcomed to the [aioslimproto library](https://github.com/home-assistant-libs/aioslimproto) and/or the squeezelite provider in MA.

>   - Some features can be limited or missing if not fully supported by the Squeezelite client player itself.

Reviewer: What features are you referring to?

Author: With that sentence I am refering to limitations on the Squeezelite client device player side, such as for example if the Squeezelite client device playe does not support 384kHz 24bit then it can play that. So it is not a limitation on the server-side but only the client-side.

> _**Some features can be limited or missing if not fully supported by the Squeezelite client player itself.**_

Author: Removed that line now.

- Running LMS on the same server as MA with the MA Squeezelite provider enabled can have undesired effects.
- Make sure that you do not have the "slimproto" (Squeezebox players) integration running in Home Assistant.

> - Ordinarily do not use queue flow mode unless using older Squeezebox hardware player that has issues transitioning. Enabling queue flow mode may solve playback issues however it might come with the side effect of disabling actual physical buttons and/or display of metadata on the device itself.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Ordinarily do not use queue flow mode unless using older Squeezebox hardware player that has issues transitioning. Enabling queue flow mode may solve playback issues, however, it might come with the side effect of disabling actual physical buttons and/or display of metadata on the device itself
```
